OK so this is the solution for you to building this little Bitcoin widget.
So I started code and minimize the success.
You don't really care about that.
Make the font a bit larger.
And the first thing we'll do is just capture our button like we've been doing.
Well I had our little event listener and will do an alert make sure that works OK.
All right.
So the next important step is to actually make that request.
So to make that request we'll do our Exige our new XM out HTP request just like that.
Then we'll also do the bottom.
We'll start off with our S.H. are dot open which is a GET request and there you go I remember are you
or else right here.
I'm going to copy that over and we could just paste it like that.
I prefer to do this just stylistically doesn't make a difference though me makes it more space.
OK.
So we're going to pass.
You are Ellen just like that.
Then we also want ex-aide charts and so that will actually send our request off every time you click
the button.
We're just not doing anything.
So now where we need to add that lovely and by lovely I mean ugly bit of code on ready state change
and in here we're at our IF statement if Exige are dot and we'll start off with ready state equals equals
four and ex-aide chart status equals equals 200.
Let's just do a concert log in here.
Let's just put the exit chart response text see if we're getting anything back.
OK.
Open up the con..
Let me move this over to the side make it a bit larger.
OK.
Clear that out and click refresh data.
Awesome.
We're getting our data.
So now what we have to do is figure out what we care about and what we care about is our data BPI and
we'll go with Pound's right not DBP.
And then most importantly rate but before we can do that we have to parse our data.
So we're going to close the console again and in here rather than just consider logging.
We need to do a Jaison parse ex-aide char response text and we can say that to a variable let's just
call it our data just like that.
And let's do a data dot and remember it's BPI dot GBP BPI dot G B P And they we all started there and
just see if we print that out
save open up the council refresh.
All right.
First you can see that it's no longer a string.
We've parsed it.
We get this nice color coded thing all we want now is dot right.
So just add that in there we go Dot rate save and we're getting the price.
That's what we want to close the council down.
And the next thing we want to do is actually update this span right here or the price goes so in there
we want to update that.
So first we need to select that.
So we'll do a VAR and we'll just call it price display maybe price display equals documents that's where
you select her or get element by id price.
Cool just like that.
Now down here all we need to do is manipulate it first.
Let's actually take this and save it to a variable var price equals that just an intermediate step to
make it a little more legible.
And then we'll take our price display dot inner text equals price just like that.
So let's see if it works.
Looks good.
Of course we can't tell what currency we're working with right now which is pounds.
So we could add that in as well just like this space and then GBP.
Take a look now.
All right let's wait a moment.
Make sure it works.
If the price changes.
Awesome.
All right so that's pretty much it.
You know there are a couple of things we could do to streamline this.
You don't have to have an intermediate variable.
The other thing that I would mention you know it would be nice to not hard code in pounds here in pounds
here.
So we could make a new variable appear called currency and set it to let's say U.S. dollars this time.
And then down here rather than doing GBP I can do
currency has a variable rate and then rather than just putting pounds here as a string I can do plus
a space plus currency.
So that will just take us dollars and substituted here and here and now get the U.S. dollar price.
And the reason that's nice is that I can very easily change this to be euros and get the euro price
or pound.
So that's a small change I would make it makes it easier to adapt.
Also if you did want to add those radio buttons or checkbox for the user to select what currency you
use all those who need to do is change the currency value change to that string.
Lastly if you do want to make this a little bit better you could handle errors.
If the API was down you know something went wrong.
Right now we're not doing that.
And finally when we were fresh this there's nothing at the beginning.
So you could basically just use window mode if you wanted to or something like that to run this code
and make the request and update it.
You might want to extract all this to a separate function rather than having duplicated code.
But all you need to do is make this work.
And that works.
Oh right.
We're done.